Even simpler, even sweeter (#1)
w3f-grants-archive/.github: profile/README.md

> <img src="https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/src/Grants_Program.png" style="width:1300px; display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;">

Reviewer: What's wrong with a header image?

Author: Well, this is not the grants program, it's just the archive. I don't think the banner belongs everywhere related to the grants program but should just be used as a landing banner in the README where it is right now. This place is not a huge thing and doesn't need to look like one.

Author: I'll go ahead and merge this. Maybe it doesn't look better without it, we'll see.

Author: I'll go ahead and merge this. Maybe it doesn't look better without it, we'll see.

This organisation contains forks of all repositories that have ever been delivered as part of a W3F grant.

> For simplicity, the fork will usually have the same name as the original.

Author: ```suggestion
For convenience, the fork will usually have the same name as the original.
```

In the event of a name collision, it will usually be named something like `teamName-repoName`. 

> If you cannot find a project you're looking for, please [let us know](mailto:grants@web3.foundation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot find a project you expected here, please [let us know](mailto:grants@web3.foundation).
```

Author: I'm [not so sure](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22expect+that+here%22&ei=pNjiYvv1AYjVkgWoraHgBA&start=120&sa=N&ved=2ahUKEwj717Oxnpz5AhWIqqQKHahWCEw4bhDy0wN6BAgBEEk&biw=1440&bih=1050&dpr=1) about that formulation. I think [more like](https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=expected+you+here%2Cexpected+to+see+you+here&year_start=1800&year_end=2019&corpus=26&smoothing=3&direct_url=t1%3B%2Cexpected%20you%20here%3B%2Cc0%3B.t1%3B%2Cexpected%20to%20see%20you%20here%3B%2Cc0) "expected to see here", but the original seems much simpler.
